<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_author">
    <title>MY GRADUATE PROJECT</title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>MY GRADUATE PROJECT</navtitle>
    </titlealts>
    <taskbody>
        <context>This is my graduate project written in oXygen tool and uploaded to GitHub Pages.
            This is the link where you can find the repository of this project.<ph><xref
                    href="https://github.com/madzka/docs-about-the-docs" format="html"
                    scope="external"/></ph><p> The purpose of this documentation is to show for
                future students what they can achieve and learn during Technical Communication
                studies as well as the steps one has to take in order to produce techncial
                documentation. . It contains resources as well as information every student should
                have in order to complete their Graduate Project by applying the knowledge and
                skills gained in the program. This documentation shows the process of documentation
                development. </p><p>This is the final project which presents the result of Technical
                Communications studies at Vistula University in Warsaw. You can find more info about
                this postgraduate studies at <xref
                    href="https://www.vistula.edu.pl/kierunki-studiow/kontynuacja-edukacji/studia-podyplomowe/informatyka/komunikacja-techniczna"
                    format="html" scope="external"/></p><p>This documentation was created by
                Magdalena O. </p></context>
    </taskbody>
    <task id="task_xv3_twb_qpb">
        <title>WHY oXygen AND DITA IN MY PROCESS OF DOCUMENTATION</title>
        <shortdesc> During my studies I have worked with oXygen XML Editor, MadCap Flare and
            Markdown as well as GitHub . Those are the main tools I should be able to know and work
            with. It must be stated that I have never worked as a technical writer and never used
            any tools regarding technical writing. </shortdesc>
        <taskbody>
            <context id="context_bvj_myb_qpb">As you can find in the definiton taken from the
                official website <ph><cite><ph>Oxygen XML Editor is the complete XML editing
                            solution, both for XML developers and content authors. It provides must
                            have tools for XML editing, covering most XML standards and
                            technologies. Oxygen XML Editor includes all the features of Oxygen XML
                            Developer and Author</ph><ph><xref
                                href="https://www.oxygenxml.com/xml_editor.html" format="html"
                                scope="external"/></ph></cite> it ia an XML tool that supports all
                    of the XML schema languages and provides a large variety of powerful tools for
                    editing and publishing XML documents. I have used this tool because it has been
                    a very easy tool to understand and it took me 2 weeks to understand it. I have
                    generated PDF file and HTML output with oXygen XML Editor. I have also used DITA
                    which is an XML standard/an architecture. Shortly speaking, it is a type of XML
                    for technical writing that helps to structure, develop , manage and publish
                    content, and oXygen XML Editor makes it easy to create and edit.</ph><p>I feel
                    very comfortable while writing the documentation in oXygen and DITA. The most
                    important fact for me is the WYSIWYG method. On the left side I see all topic I
                    generated and it is easy to open, edit and manage. Additionally, DITA is divided
                    into two main units of authoring: topics and maps so it simplify the structure
                    of writing. I know what write in which place. Below there is a table presenting
                    the structure of DITA Topics I have followed.</p><table frame="all"
                    id="table_z3k_l5m_mpb">
                    <title>DITA TOPICS</title>
                    <tgroup cols="2">
                        <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1"/>
                        <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2"/>
                        <thead>
                            <row>
                                <entry>DITA TOPICS TYPES</entry>
                                <entry>What are they good for?</entry>
                            </row>
                        </thead>
                        <tbody>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Concept Topic</entry>
                                <entry>Good for background information, explaining about something ,
                                    product description, instructions and definitions</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Task Topic</entry>
                                <entry>Good for step-by-step instructions, any procedural
                                    instructions</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Reference Topic</entry>
                                <entry>Good for specifications about the subjects, tables, bulleted
                                    list.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Glossentry Topic: </entry>
                                <entry>Good for defining tems</entry>
                            </row>
                        </tbody>
                    </tgroup>
                </table><note id="note_ql3_cnc_qpb" type="notice">Below I present the outputs you
                    are expected to create after reading this User guide.</note></context>
        </taskbody>
    </task>
</task>
