<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_documentation_plan">
    <title>DOCUMANTATION PLAN</title>
    <shortdesc>How my documenation came to be.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>The first step you should take is writing an outline of documentation plan which
                presents the roadmap of the project and keeps the track of your process during the
                realization. The main steps needed to follow are:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>PLAN</b>
                    <ph>When planning your process it helps you to visualize the draft of the final
                        project design. It also improve readability and clarity of your
                        documentation. When doing my project I used JIRA to plan my steps in AGILE
                        Project Management. It also made me to meet my deadlines. </ph>
                </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>AUDIENCE</b><ph>This step helps you understand who is your audience. You
                        have to define the persona you write to because it defines the target group
                        of users. There are different online tools e.g.
                        https://xtensio.com/how-to-create-a-persona/ which help you to create a
                        persona with all details needed to target the user group and the content.
                        This persona helps technical writers to set the relevant and customized
                        content.</ph></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>STYLE</b> All documentations are written in a specific style guide. It is a
                    set of standards for writing content which helps to maintain a consistent and
                    plain style, voice and tone across your documentation. The style guide also
                    provides general information about grammar and syntax to be used while writing
                    technical documentation. I have chosen two styles of writing this documentation;
                    the PDF file is written in more technical way with Google style guide available
                    at <xref href="https://developers.google.com/style" format="html"
                        scope="external"/>, and the website part is written in Microsoft style guide
                    availabe at <xref href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/welcome/"
                        format="html" scope="external"/></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>OUTLINE OF TOPICS</b>This part covers topics, and subtopics in your
                    technical documentation. You should write a table of contents and try to list
                    the main sections and subsections that you will write and describe</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
